空中英語教室文摘雜誌社 (c) 著作權所有 侵害必究
網址: StudioClassroom.com e-shop網站: Shop.StudioClassroom.com
October 21
Read it!
Taylor and Susie like English accents. English people pronounce their words differently. Some
English accents are difficult to understand.
Susie went to London for the 2012 Olympic Games. It was wonderful. She saw some of the track
and field events. The athletes were very fit and strong.
Susie experienced a lot of English culture in London. She enjoyed some traditional English meals,
and she really liked afternoon tea.
Conversation A
(in the office)
Taylor: Rob interviewed an English visitor yesterday.
Susie: Yes. I met him in the afternoon. He has a nice accent.
Taylor: I like the way English people pronounce their words.
Susie: Me, too. Although, some English accents are difficult to understand.
Taylor: Have you ever been to England?
Susie: Yes, I went there a few years ago.
Taylor: You did? Please tell me about your trip, Susie.
Conversation B
Susie: Well, I went to London for the 2012 Olympic Games.
Taylor: Susie, that's amazing!
Susie: It was wonderful.
Taylor: What was the most exciting Olympic event you saw?
Susie: I loved the traditional track and field events. Those athletes were so fit and strong.
Taylor: I watched the 2016 Summer Olympics back in August. The tennis events are always my favorite.
Conversation C
Susie: I also experienced a lot of English culture in London.
Taylor: Like what?
Susie: Well, I enjoyed some traditional English meals.
Taylor: What do English people eat?
Susie: Many different foods. I really liked fish and chips. I also had afternoon tea.
Taylor: I've heard of that! That's tea with snacks and cakes, right?
Susie: Yes. Maybe we should have afternoon tea later today!
空中英語教室文摘雜誌社 (c) 著作權所有 侵害必究
網址: StudioClassroom.com e-shop網站: Shop.StudioClassroom.com
October 21
讀讀看！
泰樂和蘇希喜歡英國腔。 英國人對於詞語的發音不一樣， 有些英國腔很難聽懂。
蘇希二０一二年到倫敦去採訪奧運會賽事。 那次旅程很棒， 她看了一些田徑賽事， 選手都很健美
又強壯。
蘇希在倫敦體驗了許多英國文化。 她喜歡某些傳統英國菜，而且她非常喜歡喝下午茶。
會話A
（在辦公室）
泰樂：羅柏昨天訪問了一名英國訪客。
蘇希：是啊，我昨天下午和他見了面， 他說話的口音很好聽。
泰樂：我喜歡英國人發音的方式。
蘇希：我也是， 雖然有些英國腔很難聽得懂。
泰樂：你去過英國嗎？
蘇希：有，我幾年前去過一次。
泰樂：真的嗎？ 蘇希，請跟我說說妳的旅程。
會話B
蘇希：這個嘛，我是為了採訪二０一二年的奧運會去倫敦的。
泰樂：蘇希，真是太棒了！
蘇希：確實很美妙。
泰樂：妳看到的哪一項奧運賽事最刺激？
蘇希：我很喜歡傳統的田徑賽事， 那些選手都非常健美又強壯。
泰樂：我在八月看了二０一六年的夏季奧運， 網球賽事向來都是我的最愛。
會話C
蘇希：我在倫敦也體驗了許多英國文化。
泰樂：例如什麼？
蘇希：這個嘛，我喜歡一些傳統英國菜。
泰樂：英國人都吃什麼？
蘇希：有很多不同的食物啊。 我很喜歡炸魚條配薯條， 我還喝了下午茶。
泰樂：我聽過！ 就是喝茶搭配點心和蛋糕，對不對？
蘇希：是啊，也許我們今天晚一點應該來喝個下午茶！
accent (n) 口音；腔調
Can you hear his accent?
October 21
pronounce (v) 發音；讀
How do you pronounce your name?
October 21
understand (v) 理解；明白
I don't understand this book.
October 21
wonderful (adj) 極好的；令人驚嘆的
What a party! The food was wonderful.
October 21
athlete (n) 運動員
The athletes trained for the big race.
October 21
meal (n) （一）餐
I try to eat three meals every day.
October 21